---
title:  "Welcoming Changes in 2024"
categories: jekyll update
permalink: welcoming-changes-in-2024.html
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
tags: [news]
---

As stated on the [start page](index.html), I learned a lot last year what I need to stay calm. This year is all about making smaller or bigger changes to stay calm more often. I can at the moment not say what I will do every month, I started new things that make us together as a family happy, having friends come over frequently or she visits them. From time to time, we still find time for the playground, this is what is shown from January when there was still snow.

{% include image.html file="24-01.jpg" alt="Winter ambiance with a little amount of snow." caption="Start to the new Year." %}

We also visited family and friends in other areas of the country in February. In Jena, where I met my better half we got surprised by this beautiful setting for spring in the middle of a shopping centre.

{% include image.html file="24-02-14.jpg" alt="Inside a shopping centre a hint of spring and a playground was constructed." caption="Spring ambiance inside a shopping centre." %}

Jena really is a place where children are valued, if you have a closer look, they poored a lot of sand to make a playground for kids and I can tell you, not a lot of kids felt too old to play there. I was particularly impressed that this important space was dedicated mainly to children, the flowers might have been there for the adults. We continued to Berlin and stayed a night in a hotel that is on top of a public swimming pool. This is what is shown in the next image.

{% include image.html file="24-02-15.jpg" alt="Sort of a former public swimming pool for relaxing and swimming." caption="Public swimming pool with a nice ambiance." %}

Altogether, it was a beautiful trip, we met a dear former colleague from Jena, too and would like to visit Berlin and Jena eventually soon again.

We will keep travelling and seeing family and friends near and far as the little one seems to appreciate it a lot. Let's see what other changes we can do in the upcoming months. Stay tuned.
